pipelines: filters: parser: Add a nest_under parameter (#1543)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/filters/parser.md

| Parser | Specify the parser name to interpret the field. Multiple _Parser_ entries are allowed \(one per line\). |  |
| Preserve\_Key | Keep original `Key_Name` field in the parsed result. If false, the field will be removed. | False |

> | Reserve\_Data | Keep all other original fields in the parsed result. If false, all other original fields will be removed. | False |
> | Reserve\_Data | Keep all other original fields in the parsed result. If false, all other original fields will be removed. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reserve\_Data | Keep all other original fields in the parsed result. If false, all other original fields will be removed. | False |
```
unless I'm mistaken, these seem like duplicated items (so I don't think we need both)

Author: Indeed, my bad, thanks for catching!

> | Nest\_Under | Specify field name to nest parsed records under. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Nest\_Under | Specify the name of the field to nest parsed records under. |  |
```

[0] dummy.data: [[1687122779.296906553, {}], {"INT"=>"100", "FLOAT"=>"0.5", "BOOL"=>"true", "STRING"=>"This is example", "data"=>"100 0.5 true This is example", "key1"=>"value1", "key2"=>"value2"}]
[0] dummy.data: [[1687122780.297475803, {}], {"INT"=>"100", "FLOAT"=>"0.5", "BOOL"=>"true", "STRING"=>"This is example", "data"=>"100 0.5 true This is example", "key1"=>"value1", "key2"=>"value2"}]
```

### Nest parsed fields

Instead of expanding parsed fields at the root of the object,

> you may choose to have them nested under a new field defined by `Nest_Under`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can nest them under a new field defined by `Nest_Under`:
```

```python copy
[SERVICE]
    Parsers_File /fluent-bit/etc/parsers.conf

[INPUT]
    Name  Dummy
    Dummy {"log":"error: my error","element":"{\"a\":\"b\",\"c\":{\"x\":\"y\"}}"}
    Tag   dummy.data

[FILTER]
    Name parser
    Match dummy.*
    Parser json
    Key_Name element
    Nest_Under parsed

[OUTPUT]
    Name stdout
    Match *
```

> Resulting in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration results in the following output:
```
